Act as a staff android engineer to design and build a simplified rider delivery application that supports working offline

Codebase and Architecture : 
1) Structure the app using MVVM + Clean architecture with dependency injection with Hilt 
2) Use RoomDB for offline storage 
3) For now you can mock the JSON for the backend data 
4) Use WorkManager for syncing the offline data 

Failure Handling
1) Handle failure cases where WorkManager Crashes , API fails , Partial data success
2) Notify user , developer and monitoring systems for alerts 

Context
In logistics, riders frequently operate in areas with unreliable or no connectivity, but delivery operations must continue without interruption.
We want to evaluate how you design and implement an offline-capable rider workflow.
Problem Statement
Design and build a simplified rider delivery application that supports working offline.
A rider should be able to:
Create new pickup tasks or
View their assigned delivery tasks
Perform task actions while offline
 (e.g., pickup, delivered, failed delivery)
Ensure everything syncs back to the server in a timely fashion
Ensure this works at scale across tens of thousands of riders and thousands of shipments for each rider.
Expectations
We are interested in how you think about:
Offline data storage
Capturing and syncing rider actions reliably
Handling edge cases and failure scenarios
Tradeoffs in design and implementation
Handling scale (1000 records)
Observability/monitoring/debugging potential issues
Deliverables
Please submit:
Architecture Notes (1–2 pages)
Explain your approach, including key design decisions and tradeoffs. Also, understand how you work with AI to implement the entire functionality.
Working Prototype
A minimal implementation demonstrating the following:
A basic task flow where in tasks can be of type pickup or drop
For each task there may be multiple actions (e.g. reached, delivered, returned etc.)
Ability to run all these actions in an offline manner and sync the data when network is available.
Backend can be mocked or simplified.
Short README
How to run the project and what scenarios to try.

Before proceeeding ask me any doubts about technologies to use or any other functionality